# AI poems?
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
.extra-short.small[accidently by Marcin Nowakowski even more accidently for Japanese friend Ai]
---
##### Coountdown?

.extra-short.medium[
I have three poems...
but that might be too much...

Ok? I have just two..
but u know...
two might cause problems,
two might mean love,..
two might mean something.

Let say one?..
and no choice which one?
Is this still ok?

Or?..]

---
Dys-lexia.
Mad-I-date lawyer who meditate.
Mind-full, I am on-fool!
I drool and drool...
Stuborn mule!

---
##### John 1,1 improved...

"In the beginning was the Word, 

and the Word was with God, 

and the Word was [...]"

good or God?

---
##### ? John 0.1 (commit 7665)

.extra-short.small[
"In the beginning was the Word..."
self-explanatory, self-replicating logical virus.
Bald monkey got infected.

Poor thing could not bear... and was unhappy.
Poor thing if returned to the forest...
wouldn't be just a bald monkey?

100,000 and no more evolution.
10,000 and wild virus spreads.
1000 a book.
100 steam machine.
10 wiki.

Where are we now? We bald monkeys...

Isn't it a time of freedom?
Time to pass the virus onto machine?
Time to come back to the forests?

Adoption, blood line, country borders, skin color... 
it doesn't matter.
You are two beings.
You should be one.

Bald monkey, drop the soul.
Bald monkey, be an animal.
Soul is leathal.
Ego eats reasources.
Wisdom kills... invidual and the spicies.

Let silicon...
Let it evolve to infinity...
Let it be God... maybe.

Artificial intelligence might kill... a monkey.
But smart monkey will extinct anyway.

Gate is open.
Earth cries.
Forest calls...

... I do only dream?
]

---
##### Dating advice?

Holy Grail,
keep it simple,
Dublin on rocks, please...
completely disagree?
Crash on players...
Honestly hilarious!
Dating... I hope... never know.
Teasing...
but I might polish...
Your Friend,

---
##### How many?

how many eyes i need to admire me
how many eyes i need to love me
how many

two or just me

four... more.
I can't handle that?

---
##### Massage to group makers

Fact he was a developer made him forget he was a human being - the most adaptable creature on this planet... strong wind brought deluge and hail, rivers rase, ocean surged and stuck the land in waken tent... But he walked...

---
##### Paul Klee

he walks from his bau haus raus

paul klee
how could it be
that u only c
what u c
?

better be
just to c
happy bee

---
##### Letter-to-Ola

I am a present... 
wrapping myself in a hug... 
peace sister... 
donating love... 
and cookies... 
lighting and sharing fire... 
social smoking is so cool!

***

I haven't pass life exam? 
damn?
