# I don't know*
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
.extra-short.small[*) accidently by Marcin Nowakowski]
.extra-short.small[<br>for Ewa, Basia, Nina and Sarah]

---
# Yes or 'no'?
... this is the question?

<br>
## dishwasher dream?
.extra-short.medium[chef: - yes? dish: - no?]
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Simon, Ariki, Darren, Kerry, Jacky, Ben, Alice, Jenn, Sue, Ernest, Garet, John, John2, Nick, Adam and others.]

---
# lecture
Agile Welly 16/09

.extra-short.medium["Negotiating without shooting yourself in the foot."]
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Stuart]

---
# the book

Jim Camp: 'Start with NO'.
<br>
<br>

## other books

.extra-short.medium[Paul Davies: 'Mind of god'.]<br>
.extra-short.medium[John O'Donohue: 'Anam cara'.]

.extra-short.small[by Carl and Wulf.]

---
# practice

Wellington Library / Clark's Cafe

.extra-short.small[by Sam, Ash, Ash2, Keylie, Jim and others.]

---
# lifehack

.extra-short.medium['Marcin... you have to build constraints and as the same time give team freedom to solve the problem. The closer you put the limits the faster they will get there.'

I decided to go for extremes... strict constraints and full freedom of playing at the same time.]

## hmm...?

---
# ...
.extra-short.medium[I created a game without the rules. All the rules are only the ones placed on the table... rest have to be negotiated. Size and the color of the cards is a strong constraint. Game master is a constraint... but those things always can be negated and negotiated because everyone in this game have a right to say 'no'.]

## hmm...?

---
# ...

.extra-short.medium[Players win when the negotiation is over.

Master wins when the game is 'on'.

Players don't want to win though.]

<br>
## catch 22
.extra-short.small[by Nick, Chealse, Joshua, Monty Python and others.]

---
# game
.extra-short.medium[self-explanatory, self-replicating logical virus spreading by masters of the game...]
<br>
<br>
<br>
oh... it is a life!
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Naomi, Lucy, Greta, Petar and others.]

---
# why?

... game works?

... camp negotiation system is so efective?

<br>
<br>
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Piotr, Jan, Teresa, Wlodzimierz, Marzena and others.]

---
# theory

Kurt Goedel
<br>
.extra-short.medium-small['Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both 1) consistent and 2) complete.']
<br>
<br>
Jim Camp
<br>
.extra-short.medium-small['Effective negotiation systems can only be based on 1) 'don't know' or 2) 'no''.]

## hmm...?

---
#...
Is this?
.extra-short.medium-small[... a coincidence or Goedel theory extends as well for natural languages?]
Is this?
.extra-short.medium-small[... a reason why camp negotiation system is so effective... or maybe]
even more... 
.extra-short.medium-small[are 'no'-negotiation systems only reasonable and stable communication systems?"]

<br>
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Kurt, Kurt2, Bruce and others.]

---
# stable symbols

## don't know

'no'
<br>
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Marcin2 and others.]

---
# repercusions

.extra-short.medium[if true some concept might be redifined one day:]

faer of rejection
<br>
democracy
<br>
leadership
<br>
politness
<br>
<br>
<br>
.extra-short.small[by Scott, Iona, Redwood, Debra and others.]

---
# limitations

## Maverick effect
.extra-short.medium[Human being cannot maintain more then 120 relations at the time.]

### Ricardo Semler
.extra-short.medium-small[Maverick! : The Success Story Behind the World's Most Unusual Workplace]
.extra-short.small[by Nathan and others.]

---
### Story of a small kitchenhand

## What google looks about it?

Philae and Rosetta 13/11:
<br>
.extra-short.medium[https://google.co.nz]

'no' 13/11:
<br>
.extra-short.medium[http://no.com]

---
# THE END

<br>
<br>
You wouldn't buy it?

.extra-short.small[by Olaf, Pawel, Paul and many, many others.]
## hmm...?

